Fix TORCH_HOME environment variable in docs (#4843)
pytorch/vision: docs/source/models.rst

    regnet_x_32gf = models.regnet_x_32gf(pretrained=True)

Instancing a pre-trained model will download its weights to a cache directory.
This directory can be set using the `TORCH_HOME` environment variable. See

> :func:`torch.utils.model_zoo.load_url` for details.

Reviewer: This is actually outdated as well:

```suggestion
:func:`torch.hub.load_state_dict_from_url` for details.
```
